docs: add Python packages how-to (#36)
canonical/charmtech-charmlibs: _docs/index.md

:maxdepth: 3
:hidden: false

how-to/index
reference/index
```

> This is the documentation website for Charm Tech's charm libraries (those that are distributed as Python packages).

Author: Tricky because we maintain the `operator-libs-linux` libraries as well which aren't (and won't be) documented here (unless they're ported to Python packages). I guess it's also not strictly the documentation site for just our charm libraries either anymore ... how about this?
```suggestion
This is the Charm Tech team at Canonical's documentation website for charm libraries.
It hosts the documentation for the team's charm libraries that are distributed as Python packages,
as well as general documentation about charm libraries.
```

> This is the documentation website for Charm Tech's charm libraries (those that are distributed as Python packages).

Reviewer: Very nice, looks good to me
